[RFR] Add CONTRIBUTING.md (with design principles) (#243)
prisma/graphqlgen: README.md

- `Flow` ([coming soon](https://github.com/prisma/graphqlgen/issues/130))
- `Reason` ([coming soon](https://github.com/prisma/graphqlgen/issues/130))

## Design principles

> 1. **Code generation should be as redundant as possible**. Let's keep the generated code easy to understand and to navigate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Embrace code redundancy**. Opposing to the generally desired DRY principle, in the case of generated code, it's more important to be readable and to provide as much context as possible without the need to navigate a lot through the code first. (This also allows for more helpful auto-completion/intellisense.)
```
